# The Crisis of the Liberal International Order in Times of Virtual and Mixed Reality: A Case Study of Twitter/X Communities.

This repository contains the data and code for the paper mentioned above.

## Paper 1 data description

*General Files*

`data/community_map.pickle`: maps a Twitter user to its community, Trump or Biden.
`data/mention_map.pickle`: maps the author to a list of users he has mentioned
`data/author_hashtags_map.json`: maps the author to a list of all hashtags he has used.

*Coretweet network*

Under `data/network/` you will find the coretweet network represented in three different formats:

`.gexf`: Graph file in GEXF format.
`.gephi`: The gephi file for the network displaying the top 10000 most important connections. The one displayed in the paper.
`.pickle`: a networkx object saved in pickle format.

*Sentiment*

Under `data/sentiment/` you will find the sample of tweets and the results of the sentiment analysis.

The sample was generated by randomly selecting 500 users from each group and then extracting their tweets, only picking a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 10 tweets per user to keep the sample size balanced.

## Paper 2 data description

*General Files*

`data/final_df_eg_with_results.csv`: A dataset containing the results of the classification of tweets by the gpt4-turbo model for all the prompts described and tweets. Each row contains metadata such as the tweet id, author, author centrality, and more information about the tweet to create relationships between the classification and community

*Model acc Files*

Several files containing the results of the classification of tweets by all described models and prompts.

**NOTE:** Although it contains the actual classification of tweets by the 3 authors of the article, only the one performed by Augusto is the correct one, the other two are random.

*Networks*

Two coretweet networks, one for each community, containing the 3000 evaluated authors with its repspective centrality layer in the network.